Now that the roads have been created here, if we go back to our web site, when we are registering
for a new account, we have more properties like we have name address of the user.
And let's also display all the roads in a drop down so that we can select the corresponding room and
register now.
Do not worry when we publish or finalize our application, you will not see that option of selecting
Road because that is a bad approach.
You do not want your end user to see if they want to register as an admin user, so we will fix that
in the later videos.
But let's implement that for now.
So let me start the application here and go back to register that see CDMO.
So inside the register model, this is a page model because these are razor pages.
So if you scroll down, we have the input model that is used on the register here, why we have email,
password and confirm password.
We want to add more properties which are there inside the application user.
We can copy them and paste them right here.
Neil will be a required property.
Now that we have added more properties inside the beach model, we can consume them inside the register
page and open that up right here.
Let me just add padding to all the places so that it's more aligned.
Also, I remove the button large on the register button.
Also, if you go back to the register account, we just have email password and confirm password.
But if you notice, in fact, the database for Espenak users, we have a phone number so we can use
that as well.
So right here, that will create a string for our phone number.
Now we can modify the register view.
I will copy the email here and pasted about five or six more times before we get the email.
Let's get the name of the user.
We do not want the auto complete.
I should have removed that.
And perfect.
So after name, we have the street address.
Let me get the phone number first, so we get all the details and then we will work on grass.
So perfect, we have all the details that we are getting right here.
Let me see if this.
And then when we register our user inside the on post is saying we are creating a user if you press
F12 here or go to the implementation.
Create user will just create an instance of the identity user on identity user.
We do not have the custom properties they are inside application user.
So when we create an instance, we want to create an instance of application user with an app using
statement and the return type will be application user.
So let's crawl back up to the create user, then we're setting the username and e-mail.
But I also want to more properties that we have in the register page, which is great address city state
postal code, name and phone number, so we can manually assign all of that to the user object from
the input photo.
This is our razor pages, so it should make sense because we implemented a great website using razor
pages.
Then we're creating a user with the help of user manager and its helper method.
So with that, let me save everything.
And that's when the application inside the cat handler, we still have the code to create rolls, but
that will not be invoked because those rules already exist in the database that check the register button
and perfect.
This looks much better.
One thing that we can do is design this much better.
This use another service to register.
Let's give that some less space.
So let me go to register here, where we'll give this column empty of, let's say, seven.
And the other one, we can give that five and remove the offset.
Let me save this and refresh.
Perfect.
Much better, then we can add two properties in one row we have column empty seven.
I can add a row after that and all the properties here, I can do column six.
So let me paste them one by one.
Let me save this.
And that's good.
Let me go to the top here again.
And we can assign a class of fruit to our fire.
Let's go back and refresh and perfect.
This looks much better.
Let me also add padding top of for to give some space on the top.
And here also will give it a glass of padding top for.
One change I agree to make you more take the first phase so I can cut the email from here.
They stick to the top here.
I will give that column 12.
And this looks much better.
So a registered page is looking good.
If you had to register, we have the validations.
But one thing that is missing here is when we create a user, we want the user to select Roll right
now, so we need to add a dropdown and their display.
All the rules from our database.
Let's do that in the next week, you.